2 servings of each 15 min 1 tablespoon Butter ½ Shallot Finely diced ½ tablespoon Peppercorns Lightly crushed ½¼ tablespoons All-purpose flour 1 tablespoon Brandy ⅜ cup Whole milk Can thin with more as needed ⅛ cup Heavy cream ⅓ cup Beef broth ½–1 teaspoon Worcestershire Check for gluten if needed To taste Salt 1 tablespoon Refined coconut oil or neutral oil Add a splash of olive oil for flavor ½¼ tablespoons Potato flour or potato starch ½ tablespoon Peppercorns Lightly crushed ½ Shallot Finely diced 1 tablespoon Brandy ½ cup Unsweetened cashew or barista oat milk Start with ¾ cup, reserve ¼ cup to thin ⅓ cup Beef broth Gluten-free ½–1 teaspoon Gluten-free Worcestershire To taste Salt Classic (with dairy and wheat flour) lightly crush Lightly crush the peppercorns using a rolling pin or mortar and pestle, leaving some coarse bits for texture. In a saucepan over medium heat, melt the butter and sauté the diced shallots until translucent, about 3–4 minutes. stir in the flour Stir in the flour and cook, stirring constantly, for about 1 minute to make a roux. Do not let it brown. Add the brandy, cooking 1–2 minutes to let the alcohol evaporate. gradually whisk Gradually whisk in the milk and cream, stirring constantly to avoid lumps. Cook until slightly thickened. Add beef broth, crushed peppercorns, Worcestershire, and salt. Simmer gently for 3–5 minutes until the sauce is glossy and coats the back of a spoon (nappe). adjust seasoning Adjust seasoning to taste and serve immediately. Dairy-free & wheat-free version lightly crush Lightly crush the peppercorns using a rolling pin or mortar and pestle, leaving some coarse pieces. Warm the refined coconut oil or neutral oil with a bit of olive oil in a saucepan over medium heat. add diced shallots Add diced shallots and cook until translucent, 3–4 minutes. Sprinkle in potato flour and stir constantly for about 1 minute. Do not brown it, or it may turn gluey. add the brandy and cook Add the brandy and cook for 1–2 minutes to evaporate alcohol, scraping the bottom of the pan. Gradually whisk in about 6 tbsp of the plant milk, whisking until smooth and thickened. add beef broth Add beef broth, crushed peppercorns, Worcestershire, and salt. Simmer 3–5 minutes until glossy and nappe. Adjust the thickness with the remaining plant milk or a splash of broth. Taste and adjust salt and pepper before serving.